README.md, before:

# Real-time Automatic Moduation Classification
Classify modulation of signals

This package uses the [twn_generator](https://github.com/da-steve101/twn_generator)
You can install it by running
```bash
pip3 install twn_generator
```
This code was created using python 3.6 and tensorflow 1.14

This project is based on the RFSoC ZCU111 board and the radio modulation dataset created
by [O'Shea et. al](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1712.04578.pdf) available at [deepsig.io](http://opendata.deepsig.io/datasets/2018.01/2018.01.OSC.0001_1024x2M.h5.tar.gz)


The directory [train_tnn](train_tnn) contains all scripts to train the models in tensorflow and extract the weights and various test vectors to csvs.
[models](models) contains the trained models used in this paper and the extracted weights in .csv format.
[scripts](scripts) contains some helper files that create tensorflows .rcrd files from the raw dataset and a verification script using vivado for testing.
[verilog_generation](verilog_generation) has scripts to load the csv weights and generate verilog using the twn_generator package.
[verilog](verilog) contains system verilog files that implement various CNN components needed.
[verilog_test](verilog_test) has a few test benches for verification of the verilog.
[c_generation](c_generation) has scripts to load the the csv weights and generate c code using the twn_generator package.
[c](c) has code to implement quantized cnn components to mimic the precision of the verilog.
It also has files to create a python module for a given model.

Running
-------

The following command
```bash
./generate_networks.sh
```
will generate all code in c and verilog for all the models.
This code is stored in models/network_name.

For using the verilog model, copy the .sv files from the models directory and the verilog files from [verilog](verilog).
There are three top level modules in [verilog](verilog) which are either the [default twn](verilog/tw_vgg_2iq.sv), for [binary activations](verilog/tw_vgg_2iq_bin.sv)
and for [incremental activations](verilog/tw_vgg_2iq_incr.sv).
They have corresponding testbenches for the [default twn](verilog_test/tw_vgg_2iq_test.sv), for [binary activations](verilog/tw_vgg_2iq_bin_test.sv)
and for [incremental activations](verilog/tw_vgg_2iq_incr_test.sv).

In the c directory
```bash
export MODEL_DIR=../models/vgg_twn_nu_1.2_0.7_bin_64
python3 setup.py build
```
Will create a loadable python module in build/lib.xxx/pyvgg.xxx.so

If this is in the path it can be loaded and used with
```python
import pyvgg
import numpy as np
# whatever input you want
I_data = np.random.randint( -300, 300, [1024] )
Q_data = np.random.randint( -300, 300, [1024] )
x = np.concatenate( [ I_data, Q_data] ).tolist()
y = pyvgg.compute( x ) # compute the prediction in C
```

Commit message:

Added a script to quickly test everything

README.md, after:

# Real-time Automatic Moduation Classification
Classify modulation of signals

This package uses the [twn_generator](https://github.com/da-steve101/twn_generator)
You can install it by running
```bash
pip3 install twn_generator
```
This code was created using python 3.6 and tensorflow 1.14

This project is based on the RFSoC ZCU111 board and the radio modulation dataset created
by [O'Shea et. al](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1712.04578.pdf) available at [deepsig.io](http://opendata.deepsig.io/datasets/2018.01/2018.01.OSC.0001_1024x2M.h5.tar.gz)


The directory [train_tnn](train_tnn) contains all scripts to train the models in tensorflow and extract the weights and various test vectors to csvs.
[models](models) contains the trained models used in this paper and the extracted weights in .csv format.
[scripts](scripts) contains some helper files that create tensorflows .rcrd files from the raw dataset and a verification script using vivado for testing.
[verilog_generation](verilog_generation) has scripts to load the csv weights and generate verilog using the twn_generator package.
[verilog](verilog) contains system verilog files that implement various CNN components needed.
[verilog_test](verilog_test) has a few test benches for verification of the verilog.
[c_generation](c_generation) has scripts to load the the csv weights and generate c code using the twn_generator package.
[c](c) has code to implement quantized cnn components to mimic the precision of the verilog.
It also has files to create a python module for a given model.

## Running

#### Verilog
The following command
```bash
./generate_networks.sh
```
will generate all code in c and verilog for all the models.
This code is stored in models/network_name.

For using the verilog model, copy the .sv files from the models directory and the verilog files from [verilog](verilog).
There are three top level modules in [verilog](verilog) which are either the [default twn](verilog/tw_vgg_2iq.sv), for [binary activations](verilog/tw_vgg_2iq_bin.sv)
and for [incremental activations](verilog/tw_vgg_2iq_incr.sv).
They have corresponding testbenches for the [default twn](verilog_test/tw_vgg_2iq_test.sv), for [binary activations](verilog/tw_vgg_2iq_bin_test.sv)
and for [incremental activations](verilog/tw_vgg_2iq_incr_test.sv).

#### C
In the c directory
```bash
export MODEL_DIR=../models/vgg_twn_nu_1.2_0.7_bin_64
python3 setup.py build
```
Will create a loadable python module in build/lib.xxx/pyvgg.xxx.so

If this is in the path it can be loaded and used with
```python
import pyvgg
import numpy as np
# whatever input you want
I_data = np.random.randint( -300, 300, [1024] )
Q_data = np.random.randint( -300, 300, [1024] )
x = np.concatenate( [ I_data, Q_data] ).tolist()
y = pyvgg.compute( x ) # compute the prediction in C
```

To test the quantized performance on all models run
```bash
./test_quant.sh
```

## Citations
TODO: citation for paper
